README.md, before:

TART: A Technical Assignment/Report Template for LaTeX
=======================================================

The TART class was initially written to format reports for the ECE 455 and ECE 429 courses at the University of Waterloo, in Waterloo, Ontario. The last time the TART class was updated was May 20, 2012. The class was written using MiKTeX, an implementation of TEX for Windows, and Sublime Text 2, a simple text editor with tabs and syntax highlighting.

List of Macros
--------------
### Basic Macros
+ `\course` This displays the full course title as specied above. In this case, it displays ABC 100.
nassignment This displays the assignment title as specifed above. 
+ `\duedate` This displays the due date as specified. 
+ `\group` This displays the group number as specified. 
+ `\groupmem` This displays the groupmembers as specified. Up to 5 are allowed by the definition function. 
+ `\fulltitlegroupnum` This displays the title of the assignment with the course number, assignment title,
date, and group number.
+ `\fulltitlegroupmem` This displays the title of the assignment with the course number, assignment title,
date, and group members.
+ `\fulltitle` This displays the title of the assignment with the course number, assignment title, date,
group number, and group members.

Commit message:

Updating README.md to include setup instructions

README.md, after:

TART: A Technical Assignment/Report Template for LaTeX
=======================================================

The TART class was initially written to format lab reports for the ECE 455 and ECE 429 courses at the University of Waterloo, in Waterloo, Ontario. The class was written using MiKTeX, an implementation of TEX for Windows.

How to Use
--------------
Using TART is pretty simple. First, include the TART class by putting `\documentclass{technical_assignment_report}` at the top of your tex file. Then set up your assignment by filling out the following fields:

`\coursetitle {<course title>}` sets the course title for the report. 
`\assignmentdate {<date>}` sets the due date of the report.
`\assignmenttitle {<assignment title>}` sets the report title.
`\groupnumber {<group number>}` sets your group number.
`\groupmembers {<name1>}{<name2>}{<name3>}{<name4>}{<name5>}` sets your group members' names, user id numbers, or usernames. You don't need to fill in all the blanks, just make sure there are five sets of braces in all. For reference, see `technical_assignment_report.tex`. 


List of Macros
--------------
### Basic Macros
+ `\course` This displays the full course title as specied above. In this case, it displays ABC 100.
nassignment This displays the assignment title as specifed above. 
+ `\duedate` This displays the due date as specified. 
+ `\group` This displays the group number as specified. 
+ `\groupmem` This displays the groupmembers as specified. Up to 5 are allowed by the definition function. 
+ `\fulltitlegroupnum` This displays the title of the assignment with the course number, assignment title,
date, and group number.
+ `\fulltitlegroupmem` This displays the title of the assignment with the course number, assignment title,
date, and group members.
+ `\fulltitle` This displays the title of the assignment with the course number, assignment title, date,
group number, and group members.
